Ques:9
Write a program to calculate the sum of first digit and last digit of a given number
Ques:10
Write a program to accept a string from user, delete all vowels from the string and display the result.
Ques:11
Write a program to accept a string value from the user and accept a char value from the user and and find out the total occurrence of char value in the string value.
Ques:12
Write a program to accept a sentence from the user and reverse its each word.
Ques:13
Write a program to calculate sum of elements of M*N matrix.
Ques:14
Write a program to accept 'n' numbers from user and store these numbers into an array and count the number of occurrences of each number
Ques:4
Write a program to accept 'n' numbers from user, store these numbers into an array and sort the numbers of an array using function.
Ques:5
Write a program to accept customer details such as: Account_no, Name, Balance in Acount, Assume Maximum 20 Customer In the bank. Write a function to print the account no and name of each customer with balance below rs 100.
Ques:6
Write a program to accept 5 names from user and store these names into an array sort these array element in alphabetical order.
Ques:7
Write a program to calculate the sum of digits of a given number.
Ques:8
Write a program to swap the values of two variables using Call by Reference
Ques:1
Write A program to accept Four digit number from user and count zero, odd and even digits from the entered number.
Ques:2
Write a program to accept 'n' numbers from user, store these numbers into an array. Find out maximum and minimum number from an Array.
Ques:3
Write a menu driven program that shows the working of a library. The menu option should be
--ADD BOOK INFORMATION
--DISPLAY BOOK INFORMATION
--LIST ALL BOOKS OF GIVEN AUTHOR
--LIST THE COUNT OF BOOKS IN THE LIBRARY
--EXIT

Ques:15
Write a program to calculate X^(y+z)
Ques:16
Write a Program to Accept character and display its Ascii value and its Next and Previous Character.
Ques:17
Write a Program to accept 'n' numbers and store all prime numbers in an array and display the array.
Ques:18
Write a program to calculate the x to the power y without using Standard functions.
Ques:19
Write a program to accept three sides of a triangle as input and print whether the Trangle is valid or Not.
(The trangle is valid, if sum of each of the two sides is greater then the third side.)
Ques:20
Write a program to accept string from the user and replace all occurrences of character 'a' by '*' symbol
Ques:21
Write a program to create student structure having fields roll_no, stud_name, mark1, mark2, mark3. Calculate the total and average of marks and arrange the records in decending order of marks.
Ques:22
Write a program to accept Book Details o f'n' books as book_title,author, publisher and cost. Assign the accession number to each book in increasing order Display thease details as.
--Books of a specific author --Books by a specific publisher --All Books costing rs 500 and above.
All Books.
Ques:23
Write a menu driven program to perform the following operations on string using standard library functions
--Calculate length of string
--Reverse a given string
--Concatenation of one string to another
--Copy one String into another
--Compare two string.
Ques:24
Write a program to display the multiplication table of a given number.
Ques:25
Write a program to display whether the input character is a digit or alphabet.
Ques:26
Write a program to accept basic salary from user. If basic salary>=5000 then hra=15% and da=150% of basic salary.
If basic salary<5000 then hra=10% and da=110% of basic salary.
Display the Gross salary

